[Autogenerated] in the last clip we moved a bunch of
files up to S3 let's modify our code to use these files
instead of those served locally.
The first step is to get the root path that these files should share
since the path and file names won't change in S3 we really just care
about the route that the new assets will have open the S3 console and
navigate to your pizza bucket,
select one of the PNG files and then look for the object URL
field copy that entire value will remove the key at the end when
we end up using it but the root of the URL will be the new route
path for all of our assets.
Now open the Pizza Lovers demo application in your text editor will first
change where the static assets like javascript files and CSS are coming from
Previously the app was sending them but will change it.
So the client side,
HTML and Javascript files have passed to the files
that are in the S- three bucket.
Instead much more convenient expand the templates folder
and opened the layout dot HBs file.
Now this is a handlebars template file that generates the HTML markup for
application Online five is a reference to the CSS style sheet,
remove these slash assets part of the path and
paste the URL that you copied from.
S3 now in that you are removed the file name at the end of the URL and
make sure that there's only a single slash before CSS then go to the
beginning of that URL and remove the https at the beginning so it just
begins with a double slash this will keep us from running into conflict
ng security protocol browser errors in the future copy the URL route now
so that you can use that for all the other modifications we need to make,
it's going to be the same in all of them such as in the next
line where you can paste over the slash assets part uh with
the URL that you have copied.
Now save that file and next we're gonna open pizza dot make dot H B S online 17
we preview the toppings images replace slash assets with the S3 URL that you
have copied then online 26 we're including a javascript file again replace slash
assets with the S3 URL now say that file we're done with it and open index dot h
B s online five fix the URL for the logo then save the file and we're done with
that one and now we're going to go to the partials directory and the header dot
h B S file.
There are two image URL s on lines two and three fix both of those URL S so
they're referencing the files That are in our S three bucket and now the last
change will be in our client side javascript file,
navigate to asset slash Js slash make dot Js Online 17 We are
loading in the toppings images into memory,
replace slash assets so it will pull from our s three bucket,
save the file.
And since we just modify the javascript which is now being
hosted in S3 we do need to re upload it to S3 feel free to
do this whichever way you want,
but I'll do it with the cli since I've already got this
Js copy command in my shell history.
And the last optional step is to change the location of pizza images
for the mocks that hydrate the app when it starts,
you can find them in the data slash mock pizzas folder and you
just want to fix the u r l s as you did before,
but you don't need to do this now with all those files updated,
we can move on to the saving of pizza images In the lib folder
there are two files that start with image store.
Both of these files are used to save a pizza image
that was created in the browser.
The image store dot Js file provides an API for our code to use.
And image store file dot Js is basically the local file
implementation will create an S3 implementation.
So in this folder, go ahead and create a file called Image store S3 dot Js.
Now let's look at image store dot Js this file will expect a save
function on our S3 store implementation that takes a name for the
image and the base 64 encoded image data,
let's implement this function signature in our file,
open image store,
S3 dot Js first we're going to define our save function and export it so
that image store Js can import the function from it.
Type module dot exports dot save equals async open parentheses name comma data,
close parentheses, fat arrow, which is a equals and a greater than sign.
Open.
Close curly brace.
Now this is our function signature.
It's going to match what image store dot Js needs.
So now that that's done,
let's complete the rest of the implementation of this file and dysfunction.
We'll start by importing the S3 client.
We're going to be using version three of the AWS javascript.
SdK This version is a little bit different than version two.
It's much more modular and as a result it's more
performant than the previous versions two or 1.
So at the top of the file we're gonna start with a const
declaration and then add curly braces.
Since we're going to be d structuring some objects from our imports.
The first object is going to be put object command.
This is all paschal cased where each word is upper.
Upper case in the beginning.
You'll notice that most aWS sDK property names don't really follow the
typical JavaScript convention which is usually camel cased.
Usually they're all paschal case.
So just you'll notice that so just keep that in mind um after the
comma also add another object which is S3 client.
Now,
after the curly braces at an equal sign and then call the require
function passing in the string of AT aWS dash sDK slash client dash S3
this is how we will pull in only the S3 client code that we need that
will be using and since we're even going further and de structuring the
objects from that import,
we're also only importing the specific code that we're gonna be using so
everything is going to be much more performance now inside the safe
function will start by declaring a programs const variable this will be
an object and this object is going to contain the specifics of how we
want the put command to work the first property in the object is bucket
as a reminder,
all the properties in this object are going to be paschal case so
it's an uppercase b The value for bucket will be a string with the
name of the s three bucket that you created.
Just the bucket, name, not the URL that we've been using.
The next property is key for the value for this,
enter back ticks so that we can create a string dynamically,
then you'll enter pizzas slash dollar sign,
open curly brace name, close curly brace dot PNG and then close the back ticks.
Um This is going to create the object key based on the name,
parameter that's passed into the same function.
The next property is body and then the value for this is a
call to the buffer dot from function.
The first argument and that function is data and the
second is a string With the value base 64.
This is going to convert the file data for the image into a
buffer and then encode it as base 64.
The next property is content encoding with the value of the string.
Base 64.
And finally abby content type property with the value of the string,
image slash PNG.
And that's all we have to do for our programs object Next we will
instantiate a client and a command and then send the command.
This pattern, instantiate client,
command and send the command is one that you'll use regularly with the version
three javascript sdK it's kind of the way that things work.
So first create a new concept variable with the name client.
Then after an equal sign add new and a call to the S3 client constructor.
The one that we imported above the constructor function call
will take options so inside the parentheses create an object
and add one property which is region.
This one is actually lower cased our region for whatever reason.
Uh for the value enter a string with the region I.
D.
For whichever one that you're working with on the next line,
declare a new const and we'll call this one command and we're
going to assign to it a new constructor call for the put object
command function that we imported above.
Then we'll pass the parameters variable that we
created into that constructor call.
So now we have a client and we have a command and the
next line we're going to send it.
The sin function call is async so add the await
keyword and then call client dot send, passing in the command variable.
There is a response to dysfunction,
there is something that's returned but we're not going to use it.
So I'll just call the function without assigning the
result to a variable or anything.
You may also notice that I'm not adding any error
handling here for the async function.
No try and catch a few steps down and the call stack I do have
kind of a catch all try and catch so any errors will be caught at
that level and they'll be handled.
The last step is the return value for the safe function.
I want to return the full URL for the image so it can be
saved in the JSON data for the image,
type the return keyword and then we're going to use back ticks
again and well paced the S3 URL that we've been using in those
other files so we get to use it again then at a slash at the
end and then dollar sign, open curly brace.
programs dot ke uppercase k close curly brace and then close
your back ticks this will ensure that the image URL that we're
returning is going to be the same.
That was used to save the file to S3 Great R S three storage implementation is
complete now we just need to replace how it's being used.
An image store dot Js so open that file and then online one,
you can see that we're importing our file store
implementation now you can either replace this or you can
just add a new line to import the S3 Store.
Either way create a variable called S3 Store and import the Image store.
S3 file that we were just working on.
Then online six, you'll want to replace file store with S3 Store,
just a variable name.
The function call and function identify.
IRS are the exact same.
Now we are saving our pizza images to S3 instead of saving them locally,
we have just one more thing to do before we're ready to try all this out in the cloud